SGO Data Licence Agreement, 8.11.2019

This licence is based on licence <https://www.sgo.fi/Data/licence.php>.

The 'SGO' refers to Sodankyl√§ Geophysical Observatory.

The 'data set' or 'data' refers to data of four stations (SGF, MSF, RNF, OUL)
of Northern Finland Seismological Network (FN) contained in this example data
package. More specifically, the channels BHN, BHE, BHZ, LOG, AE1, AE2, AE3,
AE5, AE6, AE7, AEP and dates 1.5.2019 and 2.5.2019. This licence applies
only to this specific data set.

1. SGO grants to the user a non-exclusive licence to use the data set
in accordance with this licence.

2. When the data shall be redistributed, the licensee has to ensure the
acceptance of the license agreement by third parties.

3. Retrieval, by electronic download, and the use of the data set is free of
charge for academic research purposes. The use or reproduction of the data for
commercial purpose requires prior written permission from SGO, and it is
generally not free of charge.

4. Regardless of whether the data are quality controlled or not, SGO and the
data source do not accept any liability for the correctness and/or appropriate
interpretation of the data. Interpretation should follow scientific rules and
is always the user's responsibility. Correct and appropriate data
interpretation is solely the responsibility of data users.

5. Typically SGO requires co-authorship if SGO data are to be published in any
media. In this case, the user must contact SGO and/or the Observer in Charge
and agree on the details of the publication. The Observer in Charge will review
the correct and appropriate use of SGO data in the manuscript.

6. If new products are derived from the data set, the same rules apply as
stated in the previous paragraph.

7. Copies of final reports and papers must be sent to the SGO Observer in
Charge so that the bibliography of the use of the SGO data can be kept up to
date.

8. The the data is in the public domain, and may be used freely by the public.
Before using the data special attention should be given to the date and time of
the data. This information shall not be modified in content and then presented
as official material. Users are requested to inform SGO of any problems
encountered with the data themselves or the data provision. Such feedback will
increase the availability and quality of the data.
